---
title: "Pagina 11-12"
book: "FA_SQ_26_casus_V1_6_C2 1"
tags:
  - boek
  - fa-sq-26-casus-v1-6-c2-1
created: 2026-05-20
chapter: 3
total_chapters: 3
---


← [[02-pagina-6-10|Pagina 6-10]]

---

# Pagina 11-12

Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) OP4 | 2023-2024 CMI | HR
Submission
Deliverable
The delivery to be handed in must consist of one zip-file, named as below:
studentnumber1_studentnumber2_studentnumber3.zip
The zip-file must contain:
1. A one-page pdf document, called um_members.pdf, containing Names and student numbers
of the team (maximum 3 students per team),
2. A directory called src, containing all the code files and the data files, including one main file
um_members.py. Starting the system should be done by running um_members.py.
⚠ I N
MPORTANT OTES
1. Do not include any bulky Python system files in the delivery.
2. The code must only use standard library modules, plus sqlite3, re (regular expression) and
any cryptography and hash library of your choice.
3. The code must run error-free (on a standard Windows or MAC PC). If needed, the code should
only write to a temporary storage subfolder of the current folder, on the local machine.
4. The code should only write to temporary storage directories on the local machine, meaning
on the current (running) folder or a subfolder of it.
5. We encourage you to work in a team of 2 or 3 persons. However, individual work is also
acceptable, if you prefer to do it individually, or you are not able to make a team (e.g.,
retakers).
6. If submitted as a group work, every member/student in the group is responsible for the
whole code and must be able to explain and justify the implementation.
7. When working in a team, only one team member (the team leader) submits the assignment,
and all group members submit a group-info message with names and student numbers of the
entire team, clearly indicating who is the team leader.
8. Part time-students can form a group only with part-time students and full-time students are
allowed to form a group with only full-time students. Retake students are free to form a team
with non-retake students (the only restriction is FT with FT, and PT with PT).
How to submit?
● Students can only submit it via the appropriate channels in MS Teams.
Please note that submission through chat or email is not accepted. If you confront any problem in
submission, contact your teacher before the deadline to assist you. As the submission dates are
usually on weekend, it is obvious that any communication with your teacher during the weekend
might not be replied. Hence, during the working days of the submission week, ensure that you
know how to submit it, and everything correctly works for you.
Please do not leave any problem or issues with your submission on the submission day,
otherwise you may miss on-time submission.
Deadline
Submission deadline for the is 15 June 2026.
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System PAGE 11

Analysis 8: Software Quality (INFSWQ01-A | INFSWQ21-A) OP4 | 2023-2024 CMI | HR
Presentation
The presentations will be planned after the submission deadline. It will be announced on the course
team on MS Teams. Please regularly check it.
A presentation is mandatory for grading.
§ Each presentation (for a submission, either individual work or group submission) will be
scheduled for maximum 30 minutes.
§ The presentation will be placed physically in Wijnhaven 107. The room will be announced later.
What is the presentation?
You can see the criteria C6 in the Grading Table and Marking Scheme to see what the expectation for
the presentation is.
You should run the system and demonstrate the functionalities of the system. You will be asked to
explain how you have implemented the requirements of the system. You don’t need to prepare any
slides for the presentation.
For example, we may ask you questions like these: how you have implemented SQL queries? Is your
application secured against SQL injection attacks and why? Where have you implemented the input
validation layer? Which mechanism is used in the application to implement input validation? Why you
used this mechanism? Are you protecting it against buffer-overflow attack and how? Are you protecting it
against Null-byte attack and how? How do you deal a user-generated and server-generated invalid
inputs? How do you decide that an activity in your log is suspicious or normal? Show the data in the
database (you can install a third-part software or plugin for this), Show the code for the user
authentication, …
You will be guided by your teachers during the presentation what you need to do.
FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Urban Mobility Backend System PAGE 12

---
← [[02-pagina-6-10|Pagina 6-10]]